DOCS-1212: Update statsd.md (#1859)
signalfx/signalfx-agent: docs/monitors/statsd.md

    metricName: "{traffic}.{action}"
```

> The metrics which match to the given pattern arereported to SignalFx as `{traffic}.{action}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metrics which match to the given pattern are reported to SignalFx as `{traffic}.{action}`.
```
